HSEARCH-4808 Add keep alive configuration property (#3438)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/backend-elasticsearch.asciidoc

+
These properties expect a positive <<configuration-property-types,Integer value>>, such as `20`.

Keep Alive::
+
[source]
----
hibernate.search.backend.max_keep_alive = 10000
----

> * `max_keep_alive` the duration of time in milliseconds which the connection can be safely kept idle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `max_keep_alive` defines how long connections to the Elasticsearch cluster can be kept idle.
+
If the response from an Elasticsearch cluster contains a `Keep-Alive` header,
then the effective max idle time will be whichever is lower:
the duration from the `Keep-Alive` header or the value of this property (if set).
+
If this property is not set, only the `Keep-Alive` header is considered,
and if it's absent, idle connections will be kept forever.
```

+
These properties expect a positive <<configuration-property-types,Integer value>>, such as `20`.

Keep Alive::
+
[source]
----
hibernate.search.backend.max_keep_alive = 10000
----

> * `max_keep_alive` defines how long connections to the Elasticsearch cluster can be kept idle.
> +

Reviewer: Oops, forgot about the property type.

```suggestion
* `max_keep_alive` defines how long connections to the Elasticsearch cluster can be kept idle.
+
Expects a positive <<configuration-property-types,Long value>> in milliseconds, such as `60000`.
+
```

Author: 🙈😃
